I am getting everything in order I'm sorry I'm very late sorry I am very very
late I am very very late here we go wait that should have been a fade should
not have been a mix where I was that like that should have been like that okay
this should still be good that should still be good wait so this isn't set up that we're going to do this again
I think we're ready to go I think
we're just gonna do this oh sorry I'm so late here we go
oh look JC on the bike was timed out by Risa oh timeout JC on the bike JC on the bike
it's JC on the bike it's JC on the bike yeah well I'm wise enough to know when a
chomp needs banning and I know just the one look at round it's JC on the bike
who says beta didn't study music in college that's Z-dog MD from YouTube every
once in a while he puts that beta mask on and makes it cool of himself and I
got it his chat once and got him to say my name which is pretty funny
it's not taking long to read up on infectious clones and read up on you
know causes pieces that he makes and guess what when I every single time the
red one there was not the support for his theory there just wasn't there so what
I argued I'm I believe I came up with this independently but I believe Peter
McCullough has mentioned something similar as his Jonathan Cooey
I'm afraid that the latest data tells us that we're dealing with essentially a
worst case scenario again you know I'm having to go down this pathway because
of kurism's and you know his lack of imagination
where you know I'm wearing the masks when I'm required to so that's the best I
can do with that I have no particular insight with regards to this pandemic
scene if if you think about it you know if we're defining vaccine really
liberally and these COVID vaccines are vaccines the flu vaccines vaccine okay
but actually they're kind of cheating when they're calling these things vaccines
and you know anything with really rapidly fading efficacy such that you need
shots within a year you know Canada saying nine months is as actually JJ
Cooey's insistence and I think he's right on calling them
transfections rather than the vaccines I'm not sure exactly who he is his name is
JJ Cooey and I believe he's a consultant for CHD and I believe he has a PhD in
some sort of scientific discipline from what I understand it doesn't matter
much at all what you believe about vaccines until we invent really important
ones you know until we have a pandemic it's killing everyone you know and you
know it's not it's you know measles plus and okay I can tolerate what you think
about measles because you know not that many people die from it it's just a big
hassle in the end but know when when we have this new pandemic that is you
know got 75% mortality and it's not it's not it's there'll be no pretense of
being polite in the face of these beliefs it'll be a moral emergency because it
has to be and this is just sheer contingency as to whether we're in one
condition or another I mean it was so
that's what I'm talking
the rules protect yourself at all times follow my structure keep it clean touch
blood that you wish let's do it
sweaty palms this is so crazy like this is so crazy I feel so nervous like what in
the world man you schedule for 60 minutes next he's going on French British
Italian Japanese television people everywhere are starting to listen to him
it's embarrassing
evening good evening ladies and gentlemen welcome to the show we are here with
another evening a big home biological hopefully we're gonna get a few more
viewers but thank you very much all of you for being here trying to break the
man bezel men trying to shake ourselves from the power of these of these
charlatans I don't know how successful we're gonna be but we sure are trying
I like my pre-auds medium rare too I actually had a wahoo burner the other
night somebody took me out for a burger for Christmas kind of you know and it
was cooked really rare not used to my burger like that but it was really good
generally speaking I'm not down with the red burger though I still not really
down with it wasn't so good that I thought okay this is a gear up not trying to
disrespect Mr. Kennedy here I'm just trying to give you a chance to read
that this is a stream put together by a patch plan physiologists this what I
used to be when I was in a catapagician I'm now a recovering academic and I'm
trying to teach biology biology immunology some big ideas and I'm based on
at Giga Home biological calm and also at Giga Home dot bio spending a lot more
time in Giga Home dot bio the last few days because I'm trying to weed myself
off of Twitter you can find my confession at that link called Scooby you can find
a couple different places to support the stream a schedule there you can also
find a phone number where you can leave a voicemail still nobody really taken me
up on that offer with a nice question or something like that and there is a
contact link there of course this stream is definitely most definitely
supported by these people and actually a few other people of course that serve
the first year or two as some major donors their list is still there is
Greg James Rodney Mullen and a few others that used to have their own
slide and don't anymore so I apologize to those people but I have not forgotten
about you and if you'd like to subscribe again that's all on the website there
and I appreciate it all very very much
well it's not doesn't take a lot you know everybody chips in a little bit we're
gonna get there this whole narrative about an ongoing RNA viral pandemic we
can we can break it and I do believe we're on our way counting one two three four
five and we get people to count those one two three four five and we start to
really think about this faith in a novel virus and really give people the
ponder what it really means I think we're gonna get out of this that's what I
think I think we also talk very straightforward about what intramuscular
injection is it isn't I think that's how we get through this and if you can't
support you know sharing the work is really what needs to happen because if
you if dare I say hundreds of thousands of people we're seeing this work I don't
think we'd have to worry about funding anymore I think there would be enough
people that would step up that I would have to I would have to become a become
a donor to some people or support other people's streams I don't know what I
would do but I'd have to do something because we're breaking this this this
whole faith in a novel virus it's coming undone and the reason why it's
coming undone is because we're starting to understand a few things about faith
that aren't true which is there was no spread in New York City infectious
clones are the only real threat it seems placebo batches were likely
distributed that nobody talks about it anymore
Transfection and healthy mammals is obviously dumb protocols were murdered
gain of function is a mythology this could be to Israel and a spectacular
commitment to lies when all that would be required that's really important
understand
here we are giga home biological January 3rd 2024 I'm coming to you live from
Pittsburgh Pennsylvania in the back of my garage it is 1051 in the evening which
is not an ideal time for me to stream but I am doing it because I'm starting a
little streak here and I'm not sure how long I'm gonna maintain it but I'm
gonna try and keep going oh that was bad that was the wrong key I would like
that threw me off for a second there I would like to try and maintain some
level of presence every week and I think a stream of days not too much to ask
for although I am still holding a full-time job during the day that does I'm
still not really as productive at as I would like to be and so this is a little
bit tough to pull off and then we did have late basketball practice tonight
basketball practice from 730 to 9 I didn't even have really time to mess
around with changing my start up with the basketball that I usually do oh yeah
that's right we always are going to do a different slide deck here I always have
to change now it's it's it's just becoming easier if I do it this way one
more shout out to my friend Jeff from Earth up in Canada that's his head
there he had a something removed from his his cranial cavity and he appears to
be doing pretty well he has been a longtime supporter of the stream and an
activist up in Canada with him and his wife Kara and so it is a little bit of a
joke that we use that as part of this slide deck it's it's a little bit
laughing at how fantastically lucky he got or you know how healthy he is how
well he heals I don't know it's it's one of these knock-on-wood situations when
you cut someone's skull open and take things out you never know for sure if
everything is settled and everything is healed and it seems to be going very
well and so you know God willing he's gonna be live a long and healthy life
with a with a very odd scar on his head right and that's that's the safest way
to get biology is definitely reading it's discussing it with friends it's
discussing with people who can challenge your own understanding of biology and I
hope that for the vast majority of my viewers I'm able to do that quite
regularly for you because I seek that out myself for those of you who are
joining for the first time we have a shortcut to understanding what happened
with the pandemic and it goes something like a Scooby-Doo episode we were fooled
over the last four years we were fooled over the last four years it's very
important to point out that there was 2020 2021 2022 in 2023 there were four
years of this exercise where we thought we were figuring out what was going on
we thought we were uncovering the cover-up of the lab leak that is what the
Scooby-Doo is and if you've congratulated yourself for figuring out
that this was a lab leak then you were essentially taken by this national
security exercise this global theater I think coordinated between five ice
countries and other countries to feign a pandemic so that changes could be made
in the way that we are governed and so the real trick is to understand that
they have created this illusion of a novel virus and convinced health
professionals and scientists and laypeople around the world that this out of
nowhere this train called a pandemic pulled into the station and all of us
had no choice but to get on it and if we got on this train essentially we
accepted that there have been pandemics in the past and this is just another one
and we've saved each other from from this before with vaccines they accepted
the fact that coronaviruses can do that very specifically you also accepted the
PCR was a way to track it and any symptomatic spread was real he also
accepted that the variants were both evidence of spread and continuing
evolution of a single virus they told you that once you were on the train it
was like the second announcement and then by the time the train had pulled
out of the station they were also telling you that this could be a gain of
function virus because we've been doing that for decades and so this this faith
that this train pulled in and we all got on it it's all gone now our kids are on
it and we've got to get them off of it and the only way to do it is to break
the spell with biology and so the way to break the spell is with the with the
most course and direct language possible the vaccine schedule in
America if only when compared to the vaccine schedule in other western
countries is thereby criminal they have pushed shots ever earlier in the medical
sort of lifespan of a kid in order to make it easier to confound vaccine injury
with genetic predisposition it's just terrible because of course the farther
the kid is long in development the more obvious it's going to be that his
development has been arrested interrupted or somehow maladaptively
affected by the application of a vaccine so advocating for strict liability for
all pharmaceutical products will remove remove this profit structure completely
from from out from under these vaccine makers invest in the use of in the use
of deadly or sorry investigate the use of deadly protocols to cause mass
casualty events and this is again to see the narrative of the pandemic these are
the ways that we will get back what they have taken from us and basically it's
get rid of the CDC stop being told by this pseudo-military organization what's
happening it's stop surrendering to the who and the UN the Congress has to do
that for us we've talked about how the pandemic was created from very long
time ago we talked about how they've drilled the government we've also talked
about how important it was to see these problems expected to be from
transfection to see them into the narrative very early on in 2020 and
2021 so that they could be confounded when they showed up with the first shots
they could already be said that that was probably just the virus and finally
making this response to national security response makes it possible for
them to sort of put a lid on people it also makes it possible for them to for
example author sub-stacks for other people who makes it possible for them to
have a bunch of of anonymous sub-stacks that are out there putting out the
propaganda that that they want and then you know real people or real people that
are playing this game can then retweet or re-stack or whatever the hell it's
called these these messages and so don't underestimate how much of this is being
orchestrated how many people for example have surrendered their passwords to
their sub-stack just so that the sub-stack can occasionally be hijacked
and posted with you know new things on it or inflammatory things or repost this
or repost that who knows how that's going how much money laundering occurs
through these these kinds of new websites and new social media that showed up
during the course of the pandemic
my guess it's an awful lot and so now in the end number six the toxicity of the
virus and transfection are confounded to allow the pandemic to prove
transfection successful and so that's what really this this in this particular
episode is all about and I really want to get to this video with Sam Cedar and
kind of explain a little bit of what I think is happening here in the broad
scheme of things I'm not gonna draw you a a a multi faceted you know million hub
map of all the players and then move stuff around and show you that I think I
know who's connected to who but I do know that a bunch of people have worked to
limit our spectrum of debate so that the presuppositions of the system are
reinforced by it and the presuppositions of the system are that there was a novel
virus that millions were killed by that millions more were saved from that
likely came from gain of function and therefore could come again you see how
this works am I trying am I getting these pieces to fit together better now
with the gears meshing because that's all we can really do is keep going
through it over and over and so that people understand not only how but why
the pandemic was created there's a million different reasons why this
benefited the controllers of our society and what they can do now on this you
know wave of chaos what they can pivot on and what they are pivoting on and I
think Mike Eden is very correct the digital ID and digital currency is a
definite goal in the near future I also think that Mark Gulak is correct that
getting people to surrender their own medical data their genetic data and
and be basically experimental monkeys in their cage without even really
realizing that they're being treated that way over the next couple generations
as the population is slowly reduced and not by necessarily you know mass
casualties but just reduced by again possibly the lowering of lifespan but
also just the reduction of of of having kids it's the biggest and easiest thing
they can do right if nobody has kids in 70 years everything's gone a few days
ago is at 30% they're only a 30% capacity now I don't know probably the
same but they have a lot of capacity in addition academic laboratories big
research labs there's tremendous capacity out there and some of them want the fast
you know the instant abbot machine which just came about due to the research
during this little short period of time and it's very quick but these labs can
do it very quickly also and they're they're massive they can handle much more
much more than the machine the small machine can handle we continue to procure
millions of swabs test collectors I have something here just have it on just
swab looks innocent not very complicated listen to those cameras go
anybody like to see what it looks like should I open it does everybody open it
up I will I will this is what it's about right is it does it remind you of
something it reminds you of this right once a swab once acute tip it's actually
different it's very sophisticated actually but it's a little bit like so
this is the swamp and we've ordered a lot of them they have a lot of them some of
them some of the states they were shipped to states and the states don't know
where they are and but that's that's it what do we give this to Karen perhaps
you'll take an extra but this is a big deal and we're working on it and we're
working with the companies and I think in the end we're gonna have we're gonna
have a true we're gonna have a tremendous a tremendous success nobody
to us no country is close to us in fact no country is close to us I just wanted
to play that just to remind you of where we were how we transitioned into this
who we transitioned into this with and how easy it was for them to use him as a
tool to manipulate us to make sure that we fell really on one side of this
narrative or the other based on the fact that essentially social media and
mainstream media made it seem like if you didn't accept the full worst case
scenario then you weren't being realistic and you were being like him and he was
brushing off the worst case scenario brushing off the worst case scenario
was done by the guy that at least half the population thought was an idiot so
worst case scenario gets believed
that that's the point I'm trying to make here what I want is high morbidity
this worst case scenario this plan works if there are people in social media and
on mainstream media who are prepared to take advantage of the of the the
dispersion method that Giardano's explaining is I'm using a dispersion
methodology to be able to infect sentinel cases with a highly morbid
condition now not all of them need to know that that was what was done but when
that is done we need to have people that are pushing the worst case scenario so
that the idea of questioning whether or not what they see represents a novel
spreading risk-additive pathogen or whether it's something else and it's so
important to understand that you can't just have people that are on the Sunday
evening news that won't work and now they have really basically tricked most of
the dissident organization into the the dissident groups into believing that
there was a novel virus it's still going around and it has all of these crazy
properties because it was enhanced in a laboratory and so it's really I'm
tweaking this little diagram a little bit because I think it's really we're
getting to the stage now where where it's really there are certain home runs
that we can hit the first home run is these little small numbers down here on
the bottom it is it is the fifth year ladies and gentlemen there is no there
is this little number right here one two three four doing a little weather man
thing seriously can you believe that we are in the fifth year and that the same
characters are still fooling around in the background the same dissidents are
still piping up there I invented this I invented that and the lion behind me
makes me you know not lion I mean we are still here there is no other
explanation for it other than we got trapped in a hamster wheel and I'm part
of it there's no question that I'm part of it but I was part of it from the very
very very beginning I got sucked into it from the very very beginning and then
have been trying to break free ever since and I've been brought back into the
fold over these last five years by people coming to my house so while I
would really like to ask for everyone's forgiveness I have an extra excuse they
came to my house I have a whole whiteboard that describes the the relationship
between these people and when they came to Pittsburgh and who they came with
this isn't a funny joke to me because when some of these people came to my
house I still wasn't even aware of what was going on but now in retrospect when
you look backwards and you see oh my gosh all these people came to my house
and if you turn like this and then you see that all those people are those
people it's like oh my gosh I've been targeted by the same criminal syndicate
or two criminal syndicates for almost four years but what criminal syndicate or
syndicates are they I don't know but they are all related to each other it
could just be one but there's no way to explain how we are now here in the
fifth year in 2024 except for a concerted effort in the foreground in the
background to keep us in a hamster wheel with this illusion of consensus that has
now turned into a faith in a novel virus where there's an ongoing RNA viral
pandemic that has killed roughly seven million people worldwide most people
think it's a lab leak now and without strict regulations they think the
future pandemics might be worse like Sam Harris said on December 19th 2019 not a
fluke thank heaven transfection works better than expected and so see this is
where we are I mean really it's important to see that I turn off the sound for a
second it's really important to see that the fifth year and really nobody
nobody started speaking up nobody started speaking up really significantly
until 2022 yes some people were speaking up in the middle of 2021 but they were
very wishy-washy about what they were saying it weren't saying stop hold up
there's not there's nothing dangerous going on here except for what we're
doing to people there oh wait not Remdesivir nobody was saying that the
only guy was saying Remdesivir in 2021 was also saying snake venom and getting
himself discredited even if snake venom is in some of these patents ladies and
gentlemen see it for what it is this recent history that's right before our
eyes is where the truth lies the only danger we have is a compression of the
history of 2020 and 2021 into a meaningless a meaningless smear in our
memories because if we really go back to 2020 and 2021 and look who was trying to
win to break free to fight for our rights to speak up for what should have
been spoken up for and then look which of those is consistently there still we
will find the answer and conversely if we look at 2020 and 2021 and look for the
people who were hyping the worst-case scenario and where they are now we will
find the answer in fact it's very easy once you start making a list and a
brief history of each of these players and where they were in 2020 2021 2022
you will find that their track records reveal everything about why they are
where they are now and this conflated background signal I think a lot of
people are still very angry because this picture that I show has viruses on it
but the conflated background signal doesn't need to be viruses you can think
of those as exosomes you can think of those as RNA and DNA noise in the
background you can draw it that way if you want to why not there's exosomes RNA
DNA in the background how's that for a conflated background signal and you
start doing PCR without valid controls and without nested primers and you can
find anything you want now what a great great opportunity to make a product
right and so why the pandemic was created was to avoid an exponential
increase in Medicare costs to avoid the growing skepticism in vaccines I think
in 2007 or 2008 is when it was really starting to rock but there was a lot of
momentum before the pandemic with regard to skepticism in vaccines to confound
the toxicity of the virus with transfection of course transition youth into
submission that was what the last four years of college was all about the last
four years of college where they also ramped up the the trans gender something
something or other thing way way more than it ever was before the pandemic they
went completely overboard on it and so the same ones that are wearing their
met the only ones that are wearing their masks now are college kids those are
the ones that are really almost completely over the top in on these on
these ideas about about fluid gender and this kind of deal so this is far from
over right because this is a biological it's a salt on on the sacred biology
that is humanity you know just the sacred biology the idea that when a baby comes
out of the womb it's perfect that that that that idea is under assault right
now because the soon as the baby comes out of the womb it could already be all
kinds of problems that need to be fixed by by you know modern futurism medicine
things and so of course it's to edify the the mythology of pandemic viruses it's
probably you know bonuses could be disrupting family formation or
shortening the lifespan of billions of people although I don't know for sure if
that biology in the shot exists it's possible to kill millions of people of
the gain of function virus I don't think that's possible to destroy the cultural
fabric of America and the rest I think if that can happen they will definitely
do that yes and to help create chaos necessary for a fundamental reorganization
of how the world is governed I think Michael you deny agree 100% on the idea
that digital currency digital ID and ever more strict controls on movement for
us are definitely coming if we don't reject it wholeheartedly
and so is the curation of ideas for four years it's gotten us here it was the
hamster wheels of conversation the hamster wheels arguing about things that
don't matter like oh my gosh they're they're not letting us use Ivermectin
they're lying about Ivermectin oh and you're not talking about the fact that
there's no evidence of spread then you're not talking about the fact that RNA
can't pandemic then you're not talking about the fact that the only way to
study it a self replicating RNA pathogen is to make a DNA copy of it and so we
have really been misled to believe that this worst-case scenario of a gain of
function laboratory weapon is the real thing that happened we've got
senators saying it we've got representative saying it we've got news
stars saying we've got people on on the internet saying books are being sold
stories are being told and and logged for the ages and I I am one of these
people who didn't wake up fast enough because I was caught up in team worst
case scenario I was caught up in the people that wouldn't tell the truth
because they're direct participants in a national security operation that they
can't tell about I got caught up with all of them that's why I show those
pictures of all those people I got into the car with these people and I haven't
been able to get out until very recently and now I have the feeling that quite a
few of them are pretty pissed that I want to get out of the car that I want
them to stop and let me off the next guy they're not happy with that
and so from March 2020 there were people saying which led us into this
faith of a novel virus and since we've been in this car that the latest data
tells us that we're dealing with essentially a worst case scenario I'm
afraid that the latest data tells us that we're dealing with essentially a
worst and this is gonna keep going on and on and it doesn't matter much at all
what you believe in 2019 until we invent really this idea was already there you
know until we have a pandemic that's killing everyone you know and you know
it's not it's you know measles plus and okay I can tolerate what you think about
measles because you know not that many people die from it it's just a big
hassle in the end but no one when we have this new pandemic that is you know
got 75% mortality and it's not it's there'll be no pretense of being polite in
the face of these beliefs it'll be a moral emergency because it has to be and
this is just sheer contingency as to whether we're in one condition or
another I mean so he said that about one month before the pandemic was
declared by the who that's not an accident he said that one month before
this fiasco started use the word pandemic said 75% mortality we are
talking very specifically about worst case scenario and it is so vital to
understand that that's really what this is all about worst case scenario
justifies the vaccine schedule because the worst case scenario if everybody
doesn't vaccinate is a world full of measles and kids dying in the hospital
right worst case scenario if you don't take that take it seriously when the
when the virus is killing 75% of the people we're gonna have to do it for you
that's what Sam Harris is trying we don't have tolerate we can't tolerate
those ideas anymore you see this wasn't about anything other than making sure
that the biosecurity state had these ideas embedded in the next generation even
if there's some grumpy old people like me that don't ever believe in it it doesn't
really matter to them they know that they're gonna time this just right and now
with the chaos coming with this election coming it's very hard to see what outcome
is gonna benefit us if they're if any it's very very interesting times ladies
and gentlemen very interesting times on this road and I want to take you on a
little journey on the internet now if you would permit me I am going to go to
YouTube and then I'm gonna swing this over here and I don't know what this is
gonna reveal over my viewing habits by putting this up here and then I'm gonna
look at my history because I do think it's actually just gonna be easier that
way I do occasionally here we go perfect then so this guy I'm gonna shrink my
brain here a little bit this guy and this girl on the majority report with Sam
Cedar like to talk about stuff they like to talk about vigious and they
like to talk about opinions and they they have very very sharp ideas and if
they decide for example that Brett Weinstein's an idiot I mean they will
tear him up and laugh at him and ridicule him there's no middle ground
with these people they pick people that they can just you know tee up and and
field goal kick so in this video which is really interesting they are looking
at this clip that we've all seen where recently Bill Maher had Seck McFarland
Seck McFarland is the guy from Family Guy who does all those voices Bill Maher
is that annoying dude from HBO and other things um who says he hates kids all
this other stuff all these messages are perfect right and what I wanted to just
point out and and this is a kind of a an an anti-digital diagram kind of thing
here let me see if I can do oh that wasn't what I wanted to do this is what I
want to do yes so yeah I have seen other diagrams on the internet trying to
purport to show how people are connected but I just want to say that it's
something like this imagine that there's like some guy named Peter and he's got
a lot of money and he's got these people who he really likes and he's got a friend
named named Elon and and they've got some people that they they kind of used to
massage opinion on the internet and one of them might be named Joel and another
one might be Eric and another one might be Brett and then underneath them are a
bunch of other dudes like Steve and Alec and Lex and you know the names go on
and on and some of them share the same sponsors for example maybe you know
there's some sponsors that they share and they also might share some I don't
know social media platform or or whatever and so my point is is that then
they also these guys have each other on their podcasts you know and they all
visit each other and they program and they they do different visits and they
give each other watches and stuff and then it's all really cool little in group
where they tell each other how cool they are and they work out together and look
at each other's muscles so then underneath this are some lesser fish but
they're not really lesser fish because some of them have many more followers
than these mid-level guys who are actually just really cool you know like
athletes and bowl hunters and this kind of crap but down here there are people
like what I love are like Tim Poole and Sam Cedar Sam Cedar is this guy who
were we're looking at right here this dude right here and so underneath here
are these people that these guys have like millions of followers okay Tim Poole
and Sam Cedar when they go live 40,000 people watch them live until they're
done and then lots of people watch their clips they have an amazing audience but
most importantly they are entirely antagonistic they hate each other okay
so this girl for example has been on Tim Poole's show like once and then they
use those clips for like four months and you know it's very much left and
right and oh my gosh they don't understand anything and oh my gosh they
don't understand anything it's really like a Fox News MSMBC but now for medium
young people I don't know if it's college age or just out of high school or or
adults that are like 25 or 30 I don't really know who watches them but they
have a lot of yours so very typically Brett Weinstein for oh sorry I didn't mean
to say that name Brett for example could be on Tim's show I shouldn't really put
these names here but Tim Poole and Sam Cedar are so big it's okay for me to say
that so Brett might be on Tim Poole's show and say something that's pseudo
controversial and then Sam Cedar will take that clip and make a make a really
nice super well-watched video where he talks about how Brett and Tim Poole
got something wrong so basically what you're gonna see here in this video is
up here also are people like like Mar and all the other intellectual dark web
people right and what we have here also is like somewhere in between the super
rich guys and these social media clowners are also Hollywood people right and so
here is where actually we have this Seth guy and so a Hollywood dude is talking
to this guy who's kind of making his living on on social media now and he's
a little bit higher in that order than these guys are because he used to be on
HBO whatever and so these two guys are are saying something silly that then this
dude down here is gonna make a video about and so what's really interesting is
to hear how the TV narrative is translated through Sam Cedar into this
you know lambasting of Bill Maher and that's what's so interesting about this
is that for from our perspective Bill Maher gets some things right but this
Seth guy sounds like he just watches TV and takes notes but from Sam's
perspective that guy smart and he's been paying attention he's a skilled TV
watcher and this dude is a conspiracy theorist so let's I think it's really
an instructive video all the other thing I wanted to recall and I wonder if I can
just make my head big here and then just ask you guys this question in the
chat do you remember when we watched here at Funded Bush when he was on
Steve Kersh's podcast the word mitigate mitigated mitigating infection infection
mitigating antibodies he said infection mitigating so many times that I actually
wrote it down and was like what the hell is he talking about so let me see if I
can find that really really quick where was the notes about that guy here
low affinity area infection mitigating that's where I got it infection see it
infection mitigating effect so I want you to remember this this was from
Herit fund in Walsh not even a week ago and the video that I'm gonna show you
right now is from about a day ago okay just keep this in mind I'm trying to
crack the code here trying to crack the code I'm trying to save us from this
this web of deception it's a web of deception okay here we go you're gonna go
here I'm gonna put my head in the middle and I got to get my head out of the way
and then I got to start it over because this is just brilliant Bill Mark continues
to descend to descend into madness I mean and it's been slow I think I already
have it on speed I mean I should I should say he's been on it for a long time
and but here is a Bill Maher with his you know non anti-vax anti-vaxism he's
on with Seth MacFarlane the guy from Family Guy who supported Bernie so you
know seems like he has decent politics you don't need to have decent politics
to understand the basic functioning of vaccinations and squares that aren't
socialists get it and let's be clear I mean it's very very hard to really get
a sense of just what's going on with COVID at this point because the CDC is
not even tracking this stuff in any type of like daily manner anymore and they
haven't for over a year well over a year now but there's a spike there's a big
spike and we still lose about 200 people a day to COVID it may be a little bit
higher than that right now and people forget that the biggest fear at the
beginning of this was that our hospital systems would be overwhelmed and they
certainly were right on the brink particularly like in New York for a
couple weeks you know in March of 2020 where you had to have refrigerated 18
wheelers to stab the bodies there and we seem to have basically settled into
where COVID is gonna be endemic and we put up with 80 flu deaths a day and now
we'll put up with about 200 COVID deaths per day we have also this sort of third
element now RSV respiratory virus it's unclear you know what COVID is done to
our immune systems that we have this sort of like third now threat but we
have yet to sort of step up and accept that these things are real like even the
flu we accept is more real than COVID were across the population well that's
because that's pretty extraordinary right he wants you to believe that the
hospitals were overwhelmed that COVID will become endemic like we weren't
already talking about the possibility that it was already endemic which is
what we said at Giga on biological already when almicron came out we said
that it doesn't have to be a brand-new laboratory leaked virus to have that
many variants it just or that many differences from the previous one it
just has to be all part of the same background
flu and RSV now come up as things that are we're not sure what COVID did to our
immune system I mean think about how extraordinary it is the the language
that he's choosing he could be extremely programmed he could be a very skilled
TV watcher or he could have marching orders like he's getting paid to say
these things he could not know we could just think he's doing what he has to do
because it's a national security priority he does believe that something was
released and became endemic he thinks that that's possible you can't blame him
really I mean how can you blame him when there are books out there about it how
can you blame him when there are people on TV talking about it and and the YouTube
videos that don't get canceled are talking about it how could you blame him
flu shot yeah Bill Maher has heard of flu had heard of the flu growing up but
COVID was a new thing well let's be careful Bill Maher also said flu shots were
bullshit in 2015 and he said it on this too oh okay he's a long he's a OG anti
and listen flu shot OG anti-vax he says flu shots don't work oh okay oh wow so
these people are convinced that even flu shots have value let's listen we have
known they vary in efficacy from year to year based upon what the flu strand is
we are in that stage with COVID where we don't know how to predict
which strand of COVID is going to exist because it continues to mutate which strand
and we do know that even if the strand that we of the flu that we vaccinate for isn't the one
that is predicted or is different enough so that it can't inhibit your ability to get it
or it inhibits your ability to get it but it doesn't fully prevent it and people
understand that difference right I can you know reduce the chances of me getting into a car accident
on my bicycle but not eliminate it I can reduce it by maybe dropping my speed and by
following the the traffic laws but I can't get rid of the danger of it I can also mitigate
the implications of getting into that accent by wearing a helmet and if I want to wear you know
I don't know elbow pads and knee pads that could also
that if I want to wear patients of getting into that accent by I can also mitigate
the implications of getting into that accent by wearing a helmet that's one and if I want to wear
you know I don't know elbow pads and knee pads that could also mitigate two the nature of the
injury I start the vaccinations work the same way they always have and I just say so vaccinations
now mitigate disease and they've always worked that way but I assure you the truth is can be found
in videos from 2020 where they tell you that we have defeated disease in the past with vaccination
here he's saying vaccination has always worked to mitigate things
let's see if he uses the word mitigate anymore it's basic things because
Bill Maher isn't just an idiot and what's also amazing in this he looks like he's shrinking into
his seat in some weird things this guy's literally shrinking as he talks I mean I just I have a few
just quick points just to observe it just seems like every club random episode is just an opportunity
for Bill Maher to get as messed up as possible drinking so much there are seven bottles of alcohol
on the thing there's not it doesn't need to be this way and every guest seems more uncomfortable
than the last and more sober than the other than the others then the others gaffigan when I'm
remembering gaffigan is like not I'm not about this he's a touch I don't know I saw the Richard
Dreyfuss one and it looked like Dreyfuss one that was very very except I also like it's always so
yeah guys you go into it knowing that and that's by the way that's why they consult with each other
that's why they call their colleagues there's a lot of guesswork but it's educated guesswork yes
if you're not a doctor your guess is maybe not going to be as educated as as someone who is
but then why are doctors wrong about so much yes and but very often people who aren't doctors
have been writer about things keep positive like it like for some doctors are wrong about
things medical history is like medical science provisional usually the people determined isn't
just a normal guy being like hey I think you're doing that like heart surgery wrong it's other
doctors being like oh I think our methods can stand to improve material right he's just talking
out of his arms here honestly I mean just like completely I love how the chair just seems to
be growing around him now go ahead and but very often people who aren't doctors have been
writer about things what like like what would be an example of that I would think this country
did not allow for um natural immunity to be considered when I know this is subject
due to your thoughts in one second like you know like first of all this game wrangle is just like
I don't know like who in the world like what what is this most of me communicating I know this is
my own little pet peeve you can imagine like you are at some sort of this wall them smoke here
big and that is even with like the existence of vaccinations and progression of like some semblance
of how to treat this imagine if it was just like let's let it burn just let it burn through
everyone we'll be talking can you imagine that he's talking about language that was used in 2020
if he's just inventing it now for these people his viewers this is the depth of the enchantment
that's what you need to understand the depth of the enchantment is such that this guy has
millions of views millions of followers in social media not just on youtube
paid subscribers that buy his pot seeds
it's an extraordinary network of personalities of operators on the internet
who are keeping our family and our friends and our neighbors trapped in this scooby-doo
convinced that it's already done sealed and delivered
and that people that don't understand how powerful vaccine technology is don't understand how
complicated this stuff is and how you need to surrender to the technocracy that saved you from
this being much much worse you're an idiot
we are in grave danger ladies and gentlemen because the young people are watching this and
thinking that this is logic and reason and all they need to do is bathe in it
and these people are at best skilled tv watchers at best they are single channel
skilled tv watchers at worst they are skilled facebook users they are skilled twitter users
they are skilled instagram users they are skilled reddit readers
three four five times that maybe go ahead
yes you had the disease you still had to get a vaccine that's powerful stupid they don't do that
in europe they do that here there's mandatory vaccination and crazy sure looks like they're having a
lively debate we didn't see that we didn't seem to believe in that was debunking army that was
that's not the book don't you know people have had covid four or five times i do that's not
natural unity there's no immunity there you've had covid five times probably because you had too
there's no natural immunity because you know people who have had covid four or five times
are we just talking about positive testing see that's the frustrating part
is that the people who really believe in vaccines don't conceive of the possibility that taking
the vaccine could be responsible for their getting the virus because as they understand
the way the vaccine works it doesn't make a virus it just makes a spike protein
and so i make antibodies there's no way it can make me more likely to get
a positive test to get sick from something because they think that all of these things are high
fidelity real markers of reality they take a lateral flow test that data is useful
if they take a a PCR test that data is useful to them
and so this is the bamboozlement this using their equipment
to measure for their ghosts and thinking that you're a ghostbuster is ridiculous
and that's what we've been led to believe that we're doing it all over the world and these people
are leaving us there over the cliff
because natural immunity does exist but that the vaccination reverses natural immunity is what he
said it doesn't let natural immunity cook yeah it's just the dumbest i mean this is like grade
school stuff except for a grade school student would realize like i'm really not in a position
don't mind about this that's what's funny is they all think they're right about this stuff and it's
actually like extremely stupid stupid now it's what's really funny is that they all think they're
right about this but it's extremely deadly it's extremely dangerous it's extremely
clearly negligent
and that's how spectacular this bamboozlement has been these people actually believe
i don't think either sam or his sidekick is aware of how entranced they are
and only a vaccine injury to themselves would break them out of this
i doubt it if even one of them if they're close enough friends that if she got hurt for example
that he would change his tune i doubt it
it's very dark times ladies and gentlemen and he used the word mitigate three times in a row
but probably because you had too many vaccines i didn't have coven to the vaccine gave you
coven sorry well that's certainly him all i didn't have coven because he like works on his own
compound yes it's never near what's normal people he's never on public transportation he's never
like yeah you're you get limousine so now they say that he didn't get coven because he's always on a
limousine and he's always on his personal lockdowns work see what they've just enforced there see how
amazing this is if they are unwitting participants in this it is spectacular chances are they're not
they chances are they know that they are delivering a message they've been staying on it for a very
long time they're totally fine with it because they believe it but they know that occasionally
they exaggerate occasionally their certainty is overextended occasionally you know the rarity of
what they say is rare is not as rare you know but they got to do it it's okay i get it
yes wealthy people who have the ability everything delivered to them um and don't have to have any
human contact if they don't want to yes they're less likely to be a coven wtf coven my great grandpa
died after his second coven infection go ahead i didn't have coven to the vaccine gave you coven
uh well that's certainly not the unscientific about the fact of the vaccine which does weaken
you in order to strengthen you says to all vaccines exactly yeah but while you're in a
weekend state of yes listen to seph how how cocky he is it would be so amazing to get seph
on the other side of a microphone and be able to talk to him for 20 minutes about what he knows
about this stuff because in front of bill mar he's very confident that bill mar is an idiot and
doesn't know what he's talking about and he's getting drunk and he's smoking a crappy cigar
so i'll drink my canadian dry and and wipe the floor with him based on what i know from watching
tv that's why so many people like me got it did not have it while the thing was raging and i
was taking zero precautions because i was never that afraid of it but that's anecdotally i had
everybody all there is anecdotal that yeah and i've never had coven i got a flu shot was here i
was like that like bill mar revelation they're like uh when it was raging and i took zero precautions
how was how psychotic he doesn't understand how psychotic that is but we're not just saying
like oh what a daredevil you are you could have caught it been asymptomatic and spread it to
a whole bunch of people you also it's also wow there was you could have you could have caught it
been asymptomatic and spread it to a bunch of people you moron
they still believe that this is a ongoing phenomenon where an RNA molecule is sneaking around from
lung to lung and reproducing with high enough fidelity so that we can track the
phylogenetic development of it and we are at jn1
and haired fund and ball show used to work for seppy and govy and and bill and malinda
gates foundation is now telling us that this is a worst case scenario happening
other people are telling us it's a worst case scenario where a pre-on extinction event is going
to happen other people are telling us that this is just absurd and this is a new technology
that's just on the brink of changing everything about us as we call humans so who's right
in precautions around you your show wasn't shooting for instance like you didn't have to
go to work like you're just hanging out with literally the most elite humans you know in the
country um who are less exposed to these things running rampant and incidentally also by the
time it gets owed to california uh i mean uh from yeah i mean it's just and set this like another
example of somebody who has a ton of money who he says i never got it most people didn't have that
luxury like frontline workers and minimum wage workers and people that were working at restaurants
like they didn't have that the people that were working as cashiers at all the grocery stores didn't
die in a higher proportion than anybody else the people that working at restaurants couldn't open
so i don't know what she's talking about but the people that worked as cashiers at all of these
stores big shop stores and and and grocery stores that got to stay open i don't really recall
a surge in cashiers going to the hospital even though they were pretty freaking exposed
but they just edit this part of their actual lived experience completely out of their memory
apparently because a symbol calculation in this six-year-old's head would say that wow you're
working at a grocery store some pretty dangerous shit if this is a real pandemic that's going to
kill a billion people ongoing psychological operation it's an ongoing scooby-doo they are
still sure that they figured it out and it's not a wild virus for these people it's just a
leak or something you know opportunity but these two rich guys are like on the others i mean again
says being right here but he's a case of case an example or case study what we're talking about
yeah just think yeah anecdotal but uh the people that i know that went until like maybe the last
like uh it's followed without getting covid were people who were best that yeah and i have never
had covid i get a flu shot once a year i don't have a flu in 20 years right well i have anything i
don't get a flu shot okay so this is all anecdotal but but right but you know the difference between
anecdotal and then statistical i do well and statistically you still have a 90 percent better
chance of not being hospitalized not dying if you're vaccinated okay well but that's assuming all
people are alike and that is one of the giant fallacies in your way of thinking we are not all
alike yes i would recommend and have recommended the covid vaccine for the high-risk people like if
you're 90 see and that's where i made the mistake for the first year and a half saying that while
certain people it's probably a great idea i actually said that in a video like the idiot that i was
but i said it more out of fear more out of uncertainty more out of doubt
because of all these people preaching worst case scenario behind me in the background
urging me on with emails and text messages signal groups
i was played for four years ladies and gentlemen i didn't change my website to have that scooby-doo
link until only a month ago and before that it still really hadn't clicked
and so we've got to start making a click for other people we've got to start making
people admit that it hasn't clicked for them yet
because bill marznot cutting it here sam uh seth mcfarland is totally trapped here
and he's unable to rescue him because he's actually trapped in it too
he still believes in a novel virus he still believes that a million people died he still believes
that millions more were saved he still believes is probably a lab leak and he still believes he could
come again fat get it absolutely you need it some people don't but you had joke of it
positive no listen here's the point we don't know who those people are at any given time
yes it is true that you have a a greater chance of dying from covid if you're 90
you have a greater chance of dying if you are uh as he says fat now 40 percent of it
the thing about it is is that all the data that we have shows that actually the old people are
very vulnerable to having a heart attack stroke or clotting problem from the shot
and they're still talking about the novel virus you know the one with the fear and cleavage
site that was the most transmissible virus in the history of mankind because it was modified
in a laboratory that one the one that everybody was so damn sure about for 2020 and 2021
the one that Brett Weinstein seeded the drastic narrative with Yuri Dagan on his own podcast
that one
we need to break free ladies and gentlemen
i've only been free really free for a few months
and i've been clawing my way out of this cave clawing my way out now we need to go back in
and bring some more people out
adults our obese 31 percent of us adults are overweight um the the idea that like you're
gonna pick and choose who's gonna do this we don't do that with any any other vaccinations
incidentally um the the there are definitely children who get the hepatitis vaccine
who are more susceptible to hepatitis because of income levels let's say or because of regions
where they live then others but this is public health and the whole point of public health is
what brings about the greatest health benefits to the most amount of people which policy
you know that's the thing he doesn't understand this is about public health and there is always
like in every single medical procedure a risk that is associated with it and when it comes to
public health you are always saying we are not instituting this because we think that we can
save 100 percent of the people we are instituting this measure because we can believe that we are
going to be saving more people's lives and health than not instituting this policy that's so apparently
he doesn't really understand the full implications of such a policy and the amount of power that's
associated with it never mind the idea that if this is going to randomly kill one out of every
800 people or randomly handicap one out of every 400 people then really justifying the use of
such a product is pretty difficult but we are we are listening to what is for all practical
purposes junior high level bioethics discussion where now it's time for a teacher to say well
but you haven't really thought that through Sam maybe you should think again about what you read
last night in the chapter I assigned or maybe this uh you know super super student over here
and teachers pet will correct but I doubt it and so we are really dealing with a crisis right now
because people are being led by people who don't have any firm understanding of the basic principles
of bioethics talking about bioethics and pretending as though they're making points
and also talking about virology biology and immunology as if they know because they've been watching TV
and the TV has been telling them the truth and ridiculing people who don't conform to that TV
narrative that don't understand what the TV's been trying to teach ladies and gentlemen
we are at a crucial time point right now we're the only way we're going to get through this
every single person that was caught up in the worst case scenario narrative apologizes for it
because otherwise we're not acknowledging what actually happened which was a lemmings type event
that was orchestrated by people who were put there with the notion that they must push
the worst case scenario and avoid questioning the novel virus
it's a very big deal ladies and gentlemen because the dam is breaking but we need to break it in
our way because they were always planning to break the dam they were planning to use that dam break
for their own purposes right and so we if we're going to use this dam break we need to be very
clever about it and I think we can be clever about it
but if we're going to use this dam break to our advantage sorry I should have switched over here
if we are going to use this dam break to our advantage we need to continue to keep this steady
pressure on the players that are involved continue to keep the skepticism up so that people understand
that there are lots of people that are going to be letting off smoke bombs and letting off all
kinds of other you know shiny objects that we can't we can't afford to pay attention to these
non-dramas anymore and these fake these fake rivalries once you see that all these people were
connected for four years once you see that they have these you know backgrounds that connect them
all back to the very beginning I mean it's really pretty fascinating if you think how many
people are connected through some of these characters some of these horse traders some of these
you know foot journalists on foot
it's just really extraordinary but I do think that we are really breaking them
and and breaking the narrative and so we can still stay with some pretty simple messages
I still think we can say that we should stop all transfections in humans
I do think that that's still one way that we can be clear with our family and friends about what
we mean I do think another way to do it is to say you know you're a member of the control group
and being a member of the control group still means something and in this case it means you're
untranspected and you're an organic free-range human and the other way to talk to your family
and friends is to just tell them that intramuscular injection many combination of substances with
the intent of augmenting the immune system is dumb let me draw you a picture of the immune
system so I can show you why and then you can say well you know transfection and healthy
humans is actually criminally negligent because there are hundreds of thousands of academic biologists
and doctors who should have done known better because they've used transfection in their own work
and finally viruses are not patterned integrity which means the way that we talk about them and
think about them as being under selective pressure and and reacting to selective pressure and
and enriching their infectiousness survivors are are virulence and all these other things attribute
things to them that can only be really attributed to patterned integrity and RNA has not been shown
to have these attributes and so in a lot of ways these no-virus people have been have been right
for a long time and it's just really unfortunate how their narrative was so curated that it
was detrimental to our progress but we're here now and it's time for everybody to apologize for
what they did and then we'll build this new independent bright web of people who are trusted
because they have a proven track record of being trustworthy unlike this uh you know I don't know
what Barbara Malone says you got to give trust to earn trust or something I don't know I hope
that in the last four years if anything I've been consistent enough in telling you what I think
and what I understand and explaining it so that you know in the end I've been able to challenge
you and myself to get through this with with honesty and I think that's where we are so
so please don't forget this is really a stream that is brought to you by some really important
people and I thank all of them very very much for subscribing and for supporting
and I thank you very much for sharing my work please share the work often I believe it's much
more likely if this is a lab leak please share this work it is a lot of work and it's a lot of
time that I take away from my family to do this and I'm not whining I do think it is definitely
necessary I'm just saying that I'm trying to fortify this work because we've got a lot more work to
thank you very much and I'll see you tomorrow